Now let's add this same pagination implementation to the GEST test.
So we are going to use the same logic here.
So first let's export this one and opening the user list.
Just user list component just yes.
Now we are going to use that pagination logic, that pagination logic in the aspects.
Now just removing this page and instead of having our page, we will call a get page which is coming
from this user list component spec.
So we are going to call that, but we are going to pass the page on size.
And for that in the user list component spec, we were parsing the the numbers, the size and page numbers
like this.
So just copying this part and now we are going to handle the parameter parsing in this rest handler.
So we will do like this.
So we are able to access to the parameters in this rest handler through the rack here.
And from this one we can get the URL and we have search params and from this search params we can get
the size.
Again, this is not going to be null.
So we are saying it's not null like this.
And for the the page, we will do the same thing here.
And now we have the size and pace so we can call the get page with page and size.
So say we can go to changes.
And all tests are passing.
Again, this pagination logic will be useful in the next test.